# Practical Ecology Course: Behavioural Ecology of *Sylvia atricapilla*
As part of a practical ecology course in the first year of biology at the ENS of Lyon, we used recorded bird strophes from various species to create audio files for broadcast to *S. atricapilla* males, enabling the study of their territorial behavior in response to both conspecific and heterospecific males.

## Project Overview
- **Objective**: Analyze the territorial behavior of *S. atricapilla* males using synthesized bird songs.
- **Method**: Create bird songs by mixing strophes from individual birds to produce new songs with specific structures, repeated on different individuals of several species.

## Folder Structure
- `Sampling_Audio_Files.Rproj`: `R` project file used to manage and organize the project within `RStudio`.
- `Strophe_Automatic_Sampling.qmd`: Notebook which create the new songs randomly.
- `Strophe_Sampling_Functions.R`: `R` file containing all functions used in `Strophe_Automatic_Sampling.qmd` file.
- `results`: This is the folder where the audio files generated by the `Strophe_Automatic_Sampling.qmd` script will be saved.
- `Strophe_Bank_WAV`: This folder have to contain the strophe audio files used for creating the complete bird songs. Although `.wav` format is preferred here due to issues met with `.mp3`, the project can support `.mp3` files if the code is adjusted accordingly and a proper strophe bank is built.

## How to Use
1. Clone or download the entire repository;
2. Fill the `Strophe_Bank_WAV` folder with your chosen strophe audio files;
3. Open the `Sampling_Audio_Files.Rproj` file;
4. Run the `Strophe_Automatic_Sampling.qmd` notebook to generate the complete bird songs in the `results` folder.

## Contact
If you encounter any issues while using this repository, you may contact me at paul.petit@ens-lyon.fr.

Feel free to explore, modify, and enhance the project as needed for your research and educational purposes.
